# pydocumentation Python Package

`pydocumentation` generates Github-flavored Markdown
documentation for Python packages with [Numpy-style][numpy] docstrings.

All of the documentation in the `/docs` folder was generated by this
package. In addition to this [package's own documentation][docs], there
is also documentation for an [example subpackage][example] made
specifically for demonstration purposes. This documentation can be
generated again by running `__main__.py`.

## Setup
`pydocumentation` only uses built-in packages of Python 3 and thus has
no `requirements.txt` file.


## Usage
All documentation will be in a `/docs` subdirectory that will be created in
the target package's main directory. Only one command is needed to generate
documentation for every subpackage, each of which will get its own file.

Objects that start with an underscore or double underscore (ex:
`pkg._foobar()` or `pkg.__Foobar()`) are considered "private" by
convention and are _not_ included in the documentation.

### From the Command Line
Documentation for packages can be generated from the command line by
running this package followed the path to the target package.  
_(assuming pydocumentation is in your path)_
```
python3 pydocumentation PATH/TO/A/PACKAGE
```

Multiple packages can have their documentation generated in the same
command by passing them as arguments.
```
python3 documentation PATH/TO/A/PACKAGE PATH/TO/ANOTHER/PACKAGE
```

If no packages are given as arguments, `pydocumentation` will regenerate
its own documentation.

### In Python Scripts
The [write_package_documentation()][function_doc] takes the path to a
target package and an optional list of subpackage names to exclude from
documenting.

```python
from pydocumentation import write_package_documentation

pkg = '/Users/brianburwell11/Desktop/my_package'
write_package_documentation(pkg)
```



<!-- Links -->
[numpy]: https://numpydoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/format.html
[docs]: docs/pydocumentation.md
[example]: docs/pydocumentation-example.md
[function_doc]: docs/pydocumentation.md#write_package_documentationpackage_dir-exclude
